                               About `spriter`

`spriter` is a utility for converting sprites in .GIF format to Commodore 64-
compatible sprite data. It is invoked thusly:

    ./spriter [-r] [-m] [-c] [filename]

It will output a 64tass (http://tass64.sourceforge.net) compatible syntax
describing a data block which may then be loaded into Commodore 64 video memory
and assigned to a sprite pointer.

                                   Flags

The -r flag triggers a reversal of sprite-data values, i.e. 0s become 1s, and
vice versa.

The -c flag indicates that the data being passed in is character data.

The -m flag indicates that the data being passed in is multicolor sprite or
character data. Each pixel in the GIF file should describe a 2x1 pixel block
(you can achieve this "wide pixel" format with a program such as Grafx2).



                          Format of the input file

The input file MUST be an image conforming to the GIF (Graphics Interchange
Format) specification with a width of 24 pixels and a height of 21. All pixels
with the background palette color (i.e. a color value of 0) are assigned a 0
value in the output. All non-background colored pixels are assigned a value of
1. See the "Flags" section above for information on how to reverse these values.

                                  License

Copyright (c) 2014 Eli Wenig

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

The Graphics Interchange Format© is the Copyright property of CompuServe
Incorporated. GIF℠ is a Service Mark property of CompuServe Incorporated. All
rights reserved.
